# Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2026-02-03 16:20
**Source:** video_audio_clean.wav

## Key Points

- I want to go over with you guys a new tool that I have created
- The name of it is ViewPreview
- I'm coming from Ben Ops Studio
- This is the wrong one
- But this one here, for this app you can actually see the views before you put them on your sheets
- I saw that before today
- But everything else is work with whether it is 3D or sheets
- Focus only on your project browser
- Many times we have many different views on the project browser that we are not sure what it looks like or what the views look like
- I created that app to give us eyes when you come to see exactly what we have in the project browser

## Action Items

- No action items identified

## Full Transcript

I want to go over with you guys a new tool that I have created. The name of it is ViewPreview. I'm coming from Ben Ops Studio. The latest preview work. Focus only on your project browser. Many times we have many different views on the project browser that we are not sure what it looks like or what the views look like. I created that app to give us eyes when you come to see exactly what we have in the project browser. The only view type it doesn't work with is schedules. There is another one as well. It doesn't work with that. But everything else is work with whether it is 3D or sheets. Whether it is detail, flow of land section doesn't matter. It works with all the other. Also legend. You can view legend as well. So it is a quick video just to show you all I'm doing is just clicking on a few things. Just so you can see it works. It is not complicated. It doesn't do a lot with the exception of showing you a window of what some of you views look like. So reason I'm creating some time when we drop in views on sheets and we have no clue what some of the details and what's in there. This is the right one. This is the wrong one. But this one here, for this app you can actually see the views before you put them on your sheets. I saw that before today.

---
*Generated by voice-notes on 2026-02-03 16:20:40*